Late Night
I thought I would never see you again
Wife, what nonsense are you talking about?
I've been here.
Good daughter, please hurry up and beg your husband.
Let him forgive us the moon
We are all family
You can't leave me alone, can you?
Yes, sister.
Dad and I were confused for a while.
Please forgive us.
We're a family.
family
Ye Feng Ye Wenzhu
When you handed me over to Qin Chong
Why don't you say it's a family?
What you left me from my mother
When giving it to someone else
Why don't you say it's a family?
When you target Master Shen everywhere
Your Ye family targets Wanting everywhere
Even a female seeking glory is dehumanizing
And you, Qin Chong
evil
All crimes deserve punishment
Come and press Qin down
Hey, hey, Master Piao Xu
Didn't you say you would report me safe?
You can't raise an infinite child, you hey, Master Piao Xu
Hey, Master Piao Xu
You listen to me.
Teenager, I didn't expect you to be successful
Even if you kneel as the hall master
Others scold but I don't scold
Otherwise let me go
Otherwise it will end